Happy Mondays
=============
Mike Krisher

Details
=======

The source for this gem is located on Github:
[https://github.com/mkrisher/happymondays][]

To learn more about Date calculations in ActiveSupport:
[http://as.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/CoreExtensions/Date/Calculations.html][]

[https://github.com/mkrisher/happymondays]: https://github.com/mkrisher/happymondays
[http://as.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/CoreExtensions/Date/Calculations.html]: http://as.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/CoreExtensions/Date/Calculations.html

Instructions for irb use
===================================

1) clone the repo

2) build the gem

  `rake build`

3) install the gem

  `rake install`

4) require in irb

  `require 'happymondays'`

Example usage:

5) define the day of the week to start the work week

  `Date.week_start_day = 'sunday'`

6) create a new date object

  `d = Date.new(2011, 2, 8) # => Tue, 08 Feb 2011`

7) request a date object representing the beginning of the week for the date instance

  `d.adjusted_beginning_of_week.strftime('%a %m/%d/%Y') # => Sun, 06 Feb 2011`

8) request a date object representing the end of the week for the date instance

  `d.adjusted_end_of_week.strftime('%a %m/%d/%Y') # => Sat, 12 Feb 2011`

Why use this?
===================================

1) this gem was created out of a need to alter the standard Ruby week from beginning on Monday and ending on Sunday

2) this gem is simply a mixin that extends the Date and ActiveSupport::CoreExtensions::Date::Calculations classes

3) it can be used anywhere a normal Ruby Date object would be used

4) the gem allows you to set the day of the week the week starts on

5) the gem also allows you to set the number of days in the work week, for example the default M-F being 5 vs. M-W being 3

Support
==================================

Feel free to submit commits or feature requests.  If you send a patch,
remember to update the corresponding unit tests.  In fact, I prefer
new feature to be submitted in the form of new unit tests.

For other information contact
mkrisher at gmail.com.

Other stuff
=================================

Happy Mondays are an English alternative rock band from Manchester, England.

Most people don't think Mondays are happy, however if you like your job, maybe your Mondays are happy.

Warranty
=================================

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.

